e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\PrivateChat.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.IO.Compression.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\Refractored.FloatingActionButton.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLite-net.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\SQLitePCL.raw.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.CSharp.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Security.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.IO.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Numerics.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Globalization.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ObjectModel.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Text.Encoding.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
e:\Users\Havik\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PrivateChat\PrivateChat\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
